[change] Auto add default and required templates to existing devices #480 (#1087)
openwisp/openwisp-controller: docs/user/templates.rst

    :alt: Templates enabled by default

When templates are flagged as **"Enabled by default"**, they will be

> automatically assigned to new and existing devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
automatically assigned to all devices, **this includes existing devices**.
```

operators.

An organization specific template flagged as default will be automatically

> assigned to all existing and new devices in the same organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
assigned to all current and future devices in the same organization.
```
